there is a
is a circle
a circle closely
circle closely touching
closely touching a
touching a corner
a corner of
corner of a
of a box
a box .
there are 2
are 2 yellow
2 yellow blocks
is a box
a box without
box without a
without a blue
a blue item
blue item .
there is at
is at least
at least one
least one tower
one tower with
tower with exactly
with exactly three
exactly three blocks
there is 1
is 1 box
1 box with
box with 5
with 5 yellow
5 yellow items
a box with
box with 3
with 3 blue
3 blue ,
blue , 2
, 2 black
2 black ,
black , and
, and 1
and 1 yellow
1 yellow item
yellow item .
box with only
with only one
only one square
one square and
square and it
and it is
it is touching
is touching the
touching the wall
the wall .
is a blue
a blue triangle
blue triangle touching
triangle touching the
the wall with
wall with its
with its side
its side .
there is atleast
is atleast one
atleast one grey
one grey box
grey box with
box with exactly
exactly three objects
there is exactly
is exactly one
exactly one tower
tower with a
with a black
a black block
black block at
block at the
at the top
with exactly two
exactly two blocks
at least 1
least 1 tower
1 tower with
with a yellow
a yellow block
yellow block at
at the base
exactly one black
one black circle
black circle not
circle not touching
not touching the
touching the edge
is 1 blue
1 blue circle
there is only
is only 1
only 1 box
box with at
with at least
least 1 yellow
is a yellow
yellow block above
block above a
above a black
black block .
one of the
of the grey
the grey square
grey square contains
square contains exactly
contains exactly five
exactly five objects
a blue block
blue block as
block as the
as the top
the top of
top of a
of a tower
a tower with
tower with four
with four blocks
four blocks .
blue circle is
circle is touching
the first two
first two blocks
two blocks from
blocks from the
from the base
the base of
base of a
a tower are
tower are black
are black .
is a tower
tower with two
with two yellow
two yellow blocks
yellow blocks .
yellow block as
three blocks .
of the three
the three towers
three towers has
towers has a
has a yellow
a yellow top
yellow top .
there are atleast
are atleast three
atleast three blue
three blue objects
blue objects not
objects not touching
is 1 tower
with only blue
only blue and
blue and yellow
and yellow items
yellow items .
there is one
is one tower
one tower which
tower which has
which has a
has a black
black block over
block over a
over a black
the grey box
grey box contains
box contains exactly
contains exactly one
exactly one object
is a grey
a grey box
with exactly five
there are exactly
are exactly two
exactly two black
two black objects
black objects touching
objects touching the
tower with 1
with 1 black
1 black block
is a black
a black tower
black tower .
there is no
is no black
no black item
black item closely
item closely touching
closely touching the
touching the bottom
the bottom of
bottom of a
are 2 black
2 black blocks
is no blue
no blue block
blue block above
tower with three
with three blocks
the tower with
three blocks has
blocks has a
black block attached
block attached to
attached to a
to a blue
blue block .
box with two
with two items
two items .
with two black
two black blocks
black blocks and
blocks and exactly
and exactly one
exactly one yellow
one yellow block
yellow block .
as the base
two blocks .
are 2 towers
2 towers with
towers with a
with two squares
two squares .
a box which
box which has
which has six
has six items
six items .
box with 2
with 2 items
2 items .
with a blue
blue block at
the top and
top and a
and a black
tower with at
least 1 black
there are 3
are 3 yellow
3 yellow squares
with 2 blue
2 blue items
box with a
blue triangle ,
triangle , a
, a black
a black triangle
black triangle and
triangle and at
and at least
least one yellow
one yellow circle
yellow circle .
the first three
first three color
three color of
color of a
a tower from
tower from the
the base are
base are yellow
are yellow ,
yellow , yellow
, yellow and
yellow and black
and black .
the tower having
tower having more
having more than
more than one
than one block
one block has
block has a
least one blue
one blue triangle
the bottom base
is 1 black
1 black triangle
2 black circles
one yellow square
yellow square touching
square touching the
blue triangle and
least one black
black circle .
a black square
black square and
square and a
with exactly 1
exactly 1 black
1 black item
with 3 items
3 items and
items and a
a black one
black one on
one on top
on top .
exactly two squares
two squares touching
squares touching the
there are three
are three items
three items touching
items touching the
touching the side
the side .
box with black
with black square
square and blue
and blue circle
blue circle .
with only black
only black and
black and yellow
has a blue
blue block over
over a yellow
with only 2
only 2 items
exactly one triangle
one triangle closely
triangle closely touching
over a blue
a blue black
blue item touching
item touching the
the wall and
wall and a
a black item
black item on
item on top
on top of
top of it
of it .
black block underneath
block underneath a
underneath a yellow
is no tower
no tower with
two blocks of
blocks of a
of a yellow
a yellow ad
yellow ad a
ad a black
a black color
black color each
is a three
a three blocks
three blocks tower
blocks tower which
tower which the
which the top
top and base
and base is
base is black
is black .
a yellow triangle
yellow triangle ,
at least two
least two blue
two blue items
blue items .
grey square has
square has exactly
has exactly two
exactly two objects
two objects which
objects which are
which are yellow
ll the three
towers has different
has different top
different top colors
top colors .
exactly two circles
two circles touching
circles touching the
tower with more
with more than
more than two
than two blocks
two blocks has
there are triangles
are triangles closely
triangles closely touching
is no yellow
no yellow block
a tower .
contains exactly three
box with six
with six items
six items and
items and the
and the it
the it has
it has three
has three colors
three colors .
tower with only
only 2 blue
2 blue blocks
blue blocks and
blocks and 1
1 yellow block
only one item
one item .
is a square
a square closely
square closely touching
of a four
a four blocks
four blocks tower
blocks tower is
tower is blue
is blue .
are 2 boxes
2 boxes with
boxes with 2
2 items of
items of 2
of 2 different
2 different colors
different colors .
black item touching
a yellow circle
yellow circle touching
circle touching the
four blocks having
blocks having a
having a black
there ia 1
ia 1 box
with exactly 4
exactly 4 items
exactly two yellow
two yellow items
is 1 yellow
1 yellow circle
above a yellow
two blue blocks
a box that
box that has
that has only
has only five
only five items
five items and
items and color
and color of
color of the
of the items
the items is
items is blue
is blue and
blue and black
boxes with 1
with 1 yellow
there is grey
is grey box
with two triangles
two triangles touching
triangles touching the
touching the base
with at most
at most three
most three blocks
is a triangle
a triangle closely
closely touching right
touching right wall
right wall of
wall of a
boxes with t
with t least
t least 2
least 2 black
2 black items
only one black
one black item
black item .
a square and
and a circle
there are two
are two items
two items closely
items closely touching
yellow circle and
circle and two
and two black
two black items
black items .
a black circle
black circle closely
black square is
square is touching
black square ,
square , a
, a blue
a blue circle
blue circle and
circle and three
and three yellow
three yellow items
three blocks with
blocks with a
base of only
of only two
only two towers
two towers .
black items and
items and exactly
exactly one blue
one blue circle
the blue item
blue item is
item is touching
with 2 yellow
2 yellow items
tower with has
with has a
has a single
a single block
single block of
block of black
of black color
2 yellow squares
a yellow square
yellow square closely
1 black square
are two boxes
two boxes with
boxes with yellow
with yellow circles
yellow circles .
there are seven
are seven blocks
seven blocks .
black square closely
black circles and
circles and 1
and 1 black
2 yellow and
yellow and 1
yellow block over
are exactly 2
exactly 2 boxes
with yellow items
that has six
black circle touching
box with items
with items of
items of only
of only blue
and black color
black color .
black block on
block on a
on a blue
are two towers
two towers with
towers with the
with the same
the same base
same base color
base color that
color that is
that is not
is not blue
not blue .
towers with blue
with blue blocks
blue blocks .
blue block on
block on top
top of black
of black block
exactly two towers
tower with 2
with only yellow
only yellow and
yellow and blue
and blue items
blue items in
items in it
blue items touching
items touching each
touching each other
each other .
3 yellow blocks
on a black
yellow blocks as
blocks as the
items of different
of different color
different color .
blue triangle closely
ll the towers
the towers have
towers have at
have at least
least one block
one block that
block that is
that is the
is the same
the same in
same in color
in color .
yellow triangle touching
t least one
least one grey
contains exactly two
least 2 blue
2 blue squares
blue squares are
squares are touching
are touching the
exactly two blue
two blue triangles
blue triangles and
triangles and a
a yellow tower
yellow tower .
box with blue
with blue and
yellow items and
and the yellow
the yellow one
yellow one on
there are at
are at least
at least 4
least 4 black
4 black blocks
black square touching
wall and another
and another one
another one on
of it all
it all .
least 1 box
with 2 black
are three black
three black circles
black circles not
circles not touching
not touching any
touching any edge
only yellow blocks
yellow blocks with
blocks with less
with less than
less than four
than four blocks
has only two
only two items
two items that
items that are
that are not
are not the
not the same
the same .
is no box
no box with
box with three
with three blue
three blue blocks
blocks and three
and three black
three black blocks
black blocks .
is a big
a big blue
big blue square
blue square touching
black and blue
3 blue items
touching a box
a box corner
at the bottom
2 black squares
2 blue ,
, and 2
and 2 yellow
towers with at
least two blocks
box with one
with one black
are two yellow
two yellow objects
yellow objects not
3 items of
items of which
of which one
which one is
one is blue
at least 2
least 2 towers
towers with 1
two yellow circles
yellow circles touching
blue triangle not
triangle not touching
blue circle ,
circle , a
black circle and
and two blue
two blue squares
blue squares .
two boxes that
boxes that has
that has the
has the same
the same number
same number of
number of objects
of objects .
is a four
which the base
the base and
base and top
and top are
top are not
exactly two triangles
there s a
s a box
box with 1
1 black items
items and 3
and 3 items
items of one
of one another
one another color
another color .
boxes with items
items of all
of all three
all three colors
one blue item
blue item closely
touching the roof
the roof of
roof of a
with exactly 3
exactly 3 blue
blue items and
items and at
least 2 yellow
a tower which
which has two
has two black
are exactly three
exactly three circles
three circles not
two objects touching
a black object
black object touching
object touching the
yellow triangle and
triangle and two
no black circle
of which black
which black items
black items are
items are both
are both on
both on top
on top and
top and on
and on bottom
on bottom .
contains exactly four
exactly four objects
yellow triangle closely
with two blocks
two blocks where
blocks where the
where the base
the base is
base is blue
blue and the
and the top
the top is
top is yellow
is yellow .
two blocks with
yellow items at
items at most
at most and
most and no
and no other
no other color
other color .
there are 6
are 6 items
6 items touching
no blue circle
blue circle of
circle of medium
of medium size
medium size touching
size touching the
2 yellow circles
yellow circles in
circles in one
in one box
two triangles of
triangles of the
of the same
the same size
same size not
size not touching
yellow circle closely
blocks where atleast
where atleast one
atleast one block
one block is
block is yellow
top and at
and at the
black blocks as
1 yellow triangle
2 boxes that
boxes that have
that have at
is exactly on
exactly on black
on black circle
the second block
second block from
block from the
a tower is
which has four
has four squares
four squares .
tleast one of
of the square
the square box
square box contains
box contains odd
contains odd number
odd number of
circle and a
black square .
base of at
of at least
least two towers
one tower has
tower has exactly
has exactly 1
black block and
block and 1
exactly 2 blue
all three colours
one item that
item that is
is not a
not a blue
blue triangle or
triangle or a
or a blue
a blue square
blue square .
one yellow item
yellow item closely
are two black
with three items
three items of
items of the
the same colour
are two blue
blue items on
items on top
four blocks has
towers with exactly
and yellow blocks
one yellow object
yellow object touching
black block above
block above two
above two yellow
is only one
only one blue
one blue block
the bottom edge
blue blocks as
with exactly one
one object which
object which is
which is blue
there is box
is box with
of different colors
different colors and
colors and two
black items at
at most .
black item and
item and at
at least three
least three yellow
number of blocks
boxes with at
no blue tower
blue tower with
only one block
one block .
with exactly six
exactly six objects
only 2 yellow
contains exactly six
only yellow items
with 2 triangles
2 triangles of
triangles of same
of same color
same color nearly
color nearly touching
nearly touching each
two yellow squares
blue squares not
squares not touching
box with five
with five items
five items .
black triangle closely
t least 1
1 tower has
tower has a
block at its
at its base
there opis one
opis one tower
blue blocks in
blocks in it
the same color
same color .
one triangle touching
yellow block bellow
block bellow a
bellow a blue
with 1 blue
with only 1
only 1 black
circles touching any
ll of the
of the boxes
the boxes has
boxes has a
a yellow item
yellow item touching
touching the line
the line of
line of the
of the box
the box .
item and two
and two yellow
2 items and
and the black
the black item
black item is
one black object
least 1 blue
1 blue item
with exactly four
exactly four items
four items including
items including black
including black triangle
black triangle .
four blocks and
blocks and the
and the three
the three are
three are the
are the same
2 black triangles
black triangles in
triangles in the
in the same
the same box
same box .
and black blocks
circle and exactly
one black triangle
one blue object
blue object touching
blue blocks attached
blocks attached with
attached with each
with each other
which has only
has only one
of all 3
all 3 different
3 different colors
colors and exactly
and exactly 2
no black block
black block as
of which 2
which 2 are
2 are black
exactly three black
three black items
five objects of
objects of which
of which three
which three are
three are circle
three objects in
objects in one
in one grey
blue square and
and a yellow
yellow square .
there is bo
is bo black
bo black block
with its top
its top .
towers with four
bellow a black
a four tower
four tower block
tower block that
block that the
that the second
none of the
of the blue
the blue objects
blue objects are
objects are touching
are touching any
least one box
one box with
items including blue
including blue one
blue one .
wall and at
2 blue on
blue on top
which is a
three black objects
black objects not
touching the any
the any edge
least two black
black blocks above
blocks above a
above a blue
black blocks stacked
blocks stacked together
exactly 1 yellow
yellow item and
item and 1
and 1 blue
two of the
towers has the
is not black
not black .
tower has only
has only blue
one black block
1 box wih
box wih exactly
wih exactly 1
exactly 1 circle
1 circle in
circle in it
1 yellow square
a tower that
tower that the
that the third
the third block
third block from
one blue square
one black square
black square not
square not touching
blue circle closely
black block bellow
bellow a yellow
that the base
base and second
and second block
second block are
block are the
of only black
and yellow color
yellow color .
one square .
ll black squares
black squares are
grey box has
box has exactly
has exactly three
three objects one
objects one of
one of which
of which is
is blue square
only 1 yellow
triangle and it
towers with three
touching the corner
the corner .
blocks has blocks
has blocks of
blocks of all
of all the
all the three
the three colors
only one color
one color .
each grey box
box contains even
contains even count
even count of
count of objects
1 blue block
there is as
is as box
as box with
yellow square that
square that is
is not touching
yellow square and
square and at
one yellow circles
is 1 triangle
1 triangle closely
circle and at
exactly one block
one block which
block which is
which is of
is of black
one grey square
has exactly seven
exactly seven objects
block above the
above the blue
the blue block
and black items
three towers is
towers is blue
two black circles
black circles .
a blue tower
box with 4
with 4 items
4 items where
items where yellow
where yellow item
yellow item is
with 1 item
1 item .
with three black
two items and
items and they
and they are
they are both
are both circles
both circles .
which is not
black triangle touching
1 blue square
two blocks and
blocks and with
and with a
box with multiple
with multiple objects
multiple objects which
objects which has
black object that
object that is
that is circle
is circle .
least two items
are 3 black
3 black blocks
two boxes which
boxes which has
which has the
of objects and
objects and three
and three kinds
three kinds of
kinds of colors
of colors .
a box where
box where a
where a black
a black and
and yellow square
yellow square are
square are touching
are touching each
blue block ,
block , a
, a yellow
yellow block and
block and two
triangle and a
box has objects
has objects of
objects of only
of only one
yellow items closely
exactly 3 black
3 black items
1 black circle
box contains two
contains two black
two black squares
at most two
most two blocks
1 tower where
tower where the
where the top
top and the
and the bottom
the bottom blocks
bottom blocks are
blocks are the
one yellow triangle
yellow triangle not
2 blue circles
three black squares
black squares not
blue block and
yellow square is
square is not
objects touching any
exactly 1 item
1 item in
item in it
items and one
and one black
item is not
is a two
a two blocks
two blocks tower
blocks tower and
tower and only
and only one
grey box containing
box containing least
containing least number
least number of
of objects are
objects are blue
is one blue
triangle touching any
block above of
above of a
of a black
of only 2
only 2 different
no blue square
blue square closely
circle touching an
touching an edge
black square attached
square attached to
attached to the
to the right
the right corner
right corner of
corner of the
triangle and black
and black circle
black circle in
at least 3
least 3 blue
3 blue blocks
only 1 item
black item in
item in every
in every box
there isa box
isa box with
is not yellow
not yellow .
exactly 1 block
are 2 blue
least three squares
three squares not
1 tower that
tower that contains
that contains at
contains at least
one color on
color on the
on the top
the top in
top in all
in all 3
all 3 boxes
3 boxes .
towers with yellow
with yellow blocks
yellow blocks at
blocks at the
with 4 black
4 black items
two blocks having
having a yellow
as box that
that has no
has no color
no color yellow
color yellow .
blue circle touching
blue item and
least 3 items
items of another
of another color
no black triangle
4 items and
and a blue
blue item beneath
item beneath the
beneath the item
the item on
block at base
blue item on
each box has
box has at
has at least
tower with blocks
with blocks of
blocks of yellow
of yellow and
and blue color
least one item
one item closely
closely touching bottom-right
touching bottom-right corner
bottom-right corner of
box with 6
with 6 items
6 items of
different colors of
colors of which
of which there
which there are
2 yellow ones
yellow ones at
ones at most
with three objects
three objects has
objects has a
are atleast two
atleast two black
two black objetcs
black objetcs touching
objetcs touching the
yellow item in
boxes with many
with many items
tower that has
that has two
yellow block on
with only three
only three items
three items .
is at most
at most one
most one yellow
are two grey
two grey squares
grey squares with
squares with one
black one right
one right on
right on top
is one box
box with many
there are 4
are 4 yellow
4 yellow items
has only three
with multiple items
multiple items and
items and there
and there are
two black and
black and at
least two yellow
two yellow .
has exactly four
has two blue
black triangle is
triangle is touching
there are 5
are 5 blue
5 blue items
of the tower
the tower has
one tower of
tower of three
of three blocks
three blocks which
blocks which has
which has blocks
blocks of either
of either yellow
either yellow or
yellow or blue
or blue color
blue color only
on a yellow
grey box which
box which contains
which contains exactly
tower which is
which is the
is the second
base is yellow
exactly three items
square has three
has three circles
least 3 yellow
3 yellow items
are 3 circles
the is no
is no circle
no circle closely
and the color
the color are
color are the
and three triangles
three triangles .
1 tower wirh
tower wirh a
wirh a blue
2 towers that
towers that contain
that contain at
contain at least
one tower where
tower where a
where a blue
blue block is
block is on
is on top
with two blue
blue blocks above
blocks above the
above the base
black items including
items including circle
including circle .
yellow circles not
is no item
no item closely
touching a wall
a wall of
a box ,
box , which
, which has
blue square ,
square and two
box has more
has more than
than one object
object which are
which are all
are all of
all of same
of same type
yellow items in
three towers one
towers one has
one has only
has only black
only black base
black base .
3 items with
items with only
blue color .
blue triangle .
least 1 triangle
a blue base
blue base .
item in each
in each box
the middle of
middle of a
of a three
tower is black
most three blocks..
blocks of the
the tower is
is black and
and blue .
is no square
no square closely
3 items .
blue squares touching
blue blocks stack
blocks stack together
towers with black
with black block
4 items of
of which 3
which 3 are
3 are circles
are circles and
and 1 is
1 is a
a triangle .
with one item
black block in
block in the
in the middle
with a triangle
a triangle and
least two circles
two circles .
having a blue
of which two
which two are
two are yellow
are yellow .
with a small
a small yellow
small yellow circle
yellow circle not
yellow item on
two towers have
towers have the
have the same
the same height
same height and
height and the
and the same
the same top
same top color
top color .
yellow items on
box with seven
with seven items
seven items and
and the four
the four are
four are yellow
two squares closely
squares closely touching
only 2 black
2 black and
two blocks which
which has blue
has blue block
exactly 3 items
with exactly 2
two blue circles
blue circles not
with three triangles
ll three towers
three towers contain
towers contain 1
contain 1 yellow
box has a
items of blue
of blue and
tower has 3
has 3 blocks
3 blocks of
is one yellow
second block of
block of the
the tower are
tower are yellow
2 items at
at most of
most of which
of which a
which a black
the corner of
is exactly 1
exactly 1 blue
that has 6
has 6 items
6 items .
with one square
no blue triangle
base and the
blocks tower are
tower are the
which has exactly
has exactly one
with a single
blue , one
, one yellow
one yellow and
yellow and one
only 1 tower
blocks which are
which are of
are of yellow
of yellow color
the items of
all 3 colors
3 colors are
colors are touching
blue circles touching
three items closely
top of tower
of tower .
colors and a
is as blue
as blue block
above the yellow
the yellow block
blue circle not
are exactly four
exactly four yellow
four yellow objects
yellow objects touching
with one object
one object .
there are only
are only 2
only 2 towers
two yellow triangles
yellow triangles not
triangles not touching
the bases of
bases of the
of the towers
the towers are
towers are yellow
are yellow and
and black only
black only .
and blue blocks
the base .
two are blue
are blue .
object touching an
tower is yellow
black items which
items which are
which are triangle
are triangle and
triangle and circle
and circle .
black items touching
exactly 2 items
they are the
yellow blocks stacked
contains exactly seven
is of blue
of blue color
are 4 black
there is the
is the box
the box with
box with the
the same set
same set of
set of items
of items .
one object touching
the number of
number of items
of items in
items in the
in the boxes
the boxes is
boxes is different
is different .
block over the
over the blue
least one of
only 2 squares
2 squares .
are 3 blue
3 blue square
blue square items
only blue items
black circle is
circle is not
with 5 items
5 items of
one is a
a triangle not
one item and
item and it
it is circle
is 1 circle
1 circle closely
are 4 blue
4 blue blocks
tower with 3
with 3 black
grey squares containing
squares containing exactly
containing exactly five
is no triangle
no triangle closely
at most 3
most 3 items
items of black
of black and
blocks and two
the three has
three has the
the same shape
same shape and
shape and color
and color .
two black triangles
black triangles .
box has two
has two circles
no yellow item
are only two
two towers that
towers that has
that has black
has black block
a single object
single object which
of the yellow
the yellow triangles
yellow triangles are
triangles are touching
three blocks having
blocks having yellow
having yellow block
items of 3
of 3 different
colors and only
medium size .
is one grey
box with has
with has exactly
that has exactly
has exactly 2
exactly 2 black
yellow tower with
yellow items of
of which only
which only one
only one is
one is yellow
with three squares
three squares and
squares and other
and other items
other items .
two out of
out of the
three towers have
same base .
3 items touching
there are blue
are blue items
blue items closely
touching the right
the right side
right side edge
is 1 square
which has three
has three items
towers have a
have a black
box with four
with four triangles
four triangles .
tower and the
and the one
the one block
block is black
blue tower .
and the two
the two are
two are black
are black circles
two blocks have
blocks have same
have same color
same color blocks
color blocks on
blocks on top
top of each
of each other
two towers of
towers of three
three blocks each
two blue objects
blue objects touching
1 blue triangle
with black and
least 4 blue
has two the
two the same
color blocks attach
blocks attach with
attach with each
with only four
only four blocks
a black base
black base and
base and yellow
and yellow top
boxes with only
only one yellow
yellow squares not
least 3 black
box with all
with all 3
3 colors and
a blue one
blue one on
has blue and
black items only
items only .
a tower and
and the base
with four items
four items .
two boxes have
boxes have the
blue blocks stacked
items and only
small yellow square
it is not
object touching a
touching a edge
three objects of
objects of atleast
of atleast two
atleast two different
two different colors
only blue blocks
exactly three triangles
three triangles touching
triangles touching any
over the black
the black block
two items which
which are circle
are circle and
circle and triangle
and triangle .
with black item
black item directly
item directly on
directly on top
top of the
of the item
the item touching
which has five
has five items
blue block in
block in a
in a tower
single block which
towers with atleast
with atleast two
atleast two blocks
blocks and a
blocks tower that
that has a
a single color
single color .
three squares .
exactly one circle
one circle closely
are 6 yellow
6 yellow items
square , at
, at least
three blocks all
blocks all of
all of which
of which are
are of black
least three blue
three blue items
yellow triangles closely
towers with two
black items of
and blue triangle
blue triangle in
triangle in a
in a box
1 yellow and
with three yellow
base of the
two blocks is
blocks is black
3 items among
items among which
among which there
yellow square ,
grey box contain
box contain less
contain less than
less than three
than three objects
no yellow triangle
box with eactly
with eactly 1
eactly 1 blue
that has three
has three blue
least 1 square
1 square in
square in each
three towers base
towers base is
are three yellow
three yellow blocks
square and 1
exactly one square
one square object
square object only
3 black sqaures
is one black
exactly three blue
blue square on
square on top
box with least
with least number
of objects contains
objects contains at
with black blocks
the top block
top block is
block is blue
box contains objects
contains objects of
objects of two
of two color
yellow tower that
that the blocks
the blocks are
blocks are not
are not more
not more than
more than three
than three .
3 items at
most of 2
different colors at
colors at most
blocks having blocks
having blocks of
middle of it
is of yellow
that has one
has one black
triangle and one
atleast one tower
and two squares
circle and square
and square in
square in it
two tower have
tower have the
same base but
base but different
but different on
different on top
3 black circles
it is a
exactly three yellow
no yellow circle
yellow item which
item which is
which is triangle
is triangle .
blocks having atleast
having atleast two
one black squares
black squares .
blue triangle that
triangle that is
that is touching
the side of
side of the
of which 1
which 1 is
1 is yellow
the bottom right
bottom right corner
circle and 2
and 2 black
are two triangles
two triangles closely
black item between
item between two
between two items
two items of
least three blocks
than one blue
blue object of
object of which
which one blue
blue object is
object is touching
with a circle
a circle and
least two triangles
two triangles .
has six item
six item and
item and the
the three items
three items are
items are two
triangles and one
and one blue
a grey square
grey square with
square with exactly
block and at
are two box
two box that
blue items each
items each .
two blocks each
are 5 black
5 black items
with 4 yellow
is as yellow
as yellow block
has exactly five
two triangles not
has a different
a different colored
different colored block
colored block above
1 blue and
blue and 1
exactly four circle
four circle not
1 black circ
black circ ;
circ ; e
yellow block in
block in then
in then ,
then , idle
towers have yellow
have yellow base
yellow base .
yellow triangles and
triangles and other
three items ,
the blue triangles
blue triangles are
towers with same
with same number
only black blocks
blue circles and
only one triangle
one triangle .
4 items at
blocks of blue
3 items od
items od which
od which 2
which 2 have
2 have the
same shape .
yellow square in
square in the
in the corner
with 3 yellow
with only two
only two yellow
every box .
items and two
and two are
2 blue blicks
2 blue and
the is one
is one triangle
3 yellow circles
squares with exactly
are two tower
two tower with
tower with not
with not more
two blocks that
blocks that are
that are the
same in height
in height .
is one item
one item touching
touching the left
the left corner
left corner .
and a small
only two black
1 tower wth
tower wth a
wth a blue
the one is
a triangle touching
the edge of
edge of the
the square .
2 blue triangles
triangles and 2
three blocks of
blocks of three
of three different
three different colors
the blue circles
blue circles are
circles are touching
box with single
with single item
single item .
yellow squares touching
as the second
the second level
second level .
only blue color
blue color blocks
colors and one
and one yellow
each grey square
least 2 triangles
2 triangles in
triangles in it
the middle block
middle block of
block of a
a three tower
three tower block
tower block is
blue square is
blue items alternately
items alternately positioned
alternately positioned .
a black top
black top .
of which at
which at least
least 2 are
2 are blue
are blue and
at least 6
least 6 items
6 items in
only two blocks
right corner .
contains objects where
objects where exactly
where exactly two
exactly two of
of the objects
the objects are
objects are black
boxes with multiple
items and each
and each has
each has two
atleast one blue
with only 3
only 3 items
only black item
block in between
in between two
between two black
five items each
between two blocks
blocks of same
the small yellow
square is nealy
is nealy touching
nealy touching the
black item right
item right beneath
right beneath it
beneath it .
3 yellow triangles
black items closely
block above base
above base block
one tower .
yellow circle of
medium size is
size is touching
three towers are
towers are two
two blue and
blue and one
one black blocks
one square closely
black items on
tower with black
black blocks only
three are circles
are circles .
ll the top
the towers has
base and black
and black block
blue circle nearly
circle nearly touching
nearly touching the
exactly 1 square
1 square item
5 black blocks
blue block bellow
there is tower
is tower with
with black second
black second block
second block .
item and 3
and 3 are
3 are yellow
are yellow items
black triangle not
the base or
base or edge
3 blue circles
exactly one box
is a yelow
a yelow item
yelow item with
item with a
and another black
another black item
a tower where
tower where only
where only 2
only 2 blocks
2 blocks are
black blocks on
of a different
a different coloured
different coloured block
4 yellow blocks
blue item that
that is a
above a base
a base block
least one square
boxes with blue
with blue triangles
blue triangles .
which is black
one yellow .
one item of
item of medium
medium size not
one item in
item in a
and one is
one is touching
exactly four blocks
blocks having black
having black block
base and blue
and blue block
yellow blocks ,
blocks , and
, and at
one of them
of them has
them has yellow
has yellow block
black triangle ,
the yellow item
is touching hte
touching hte wall
hte wall .
has four items
towers that the
base are the
yellow triangles touching
square touching any
are black items
block as a
as a middle
a middle block
only two blue
four items and
same in shape
in shape .
blocks has two
has two yellow
box with just
with just 1
just 1 item
square with the
with the least
the least number
of objects has
has a circle
ll boxes have
boxes have exacrly
have exacrly 2
exacrly 2 black
one black cirlce
black cirlce touching
cirlce touching the
tower with yellow
with yellow base
object touching any
is a single
single block tower
block tower and
the color is
color is yellow
1 box where
box where the
where the only
the only black
item is a
yellow triangle .
one black tower
black tower with
tower with block
with block blocks
block blocks has
yellow block below
block below the
below the top
yellow object not
object not touching
no blue item
square with exacty
with exacty one
exacty one object
which is yellow
box contains three
contains three black
two towers has
exactly 2 yellow
a circle nearly
exactly two items
tower with blue
black items not
items not touching
not touching each
square touching an
black block that
that is between
is between two
between two yellow
boxes with two
black objects .
item is on
tower has 2
has 2 yellow
yellow blocks and
only one object
a big yellow
big yellow square
no black square
exactly two tower
objects contains one
contains one blue
black circle ,
circle , at
and a two
a two squares
box with yellow
only one other
one other color
with 2 circles
2 circles and
circles and only
item of different
of different shape
different shape .
yellow block between
block between a
between a black
a black blocks
with 3 small
3 small items
small items of
2 yellow triangles
four blocks including
blocks including two
including two black
two black ones
black ones .
4 blue items
same height that
height that are
that are smaller
are smaller than
smaller than the
than the third
the third tower
third tower .
there is an
is an object
an object that
not a circle
a circle touching
the color of
of the second
the second and
second and third
and third block
third block is
the yellow objects
yellow objects are
only one shape
one shape .
four blocks ,
, and each
each has at
third block of
only one box
two circles closely
circles closely touching
box has three
has three objects
three objects touching
one block and
block and the
color is blue
a box wwith
box wwith multiple
wwith multiple items
and the 2
the 2 black
2 black are
black are squares
are squares .
is between the
between the two
the two blocks
blocks that is
with one yellow
yellow squares .
yellow triangle of
triangle of medium
medium size and
size and a
it is black
every box has
a circle of
circle of the
tower with one
with one or
one or more
or more blocks
more blocks of
and exactly three
three black triangles
three yellow objects
different colors are
and two circles
has exactly six
two towers which
towers which has
the top most
top most block
with blue block
of the black
the black circles
black circles are
tower with single
with single object
one circle touching
top is blue
a blue and
square touching each
only one tower
is a small
a small black
small black circle
yellow triangle nearly
triangle nearly touching
which has second
has second black
second black block
blocks of two
of two different
two different color
ll the boxes
a big black
big black triangle
one square touching
a blue trianlge
blue trianlge touching
trianlge touching the
yellow object is
is touching an
most and a
there are four
are four items
four items touching
item and 2
two objects in
objects in a
in a grey
grey box of
box of which
circle and 1
and yellow triangles
yellow triangles .
a small blue
small blue item
that the color
the color above
color above the
is black only
blue square of
square of medium
black block below
block below a
below a yellow
4 yellow and
the black one
black one is
one is on
three items including
including blue square
is an item
an item touching
exactly three squares
blue circles of
circles of different
of different size
different size in
size in two
in two different
two different boxes
different boxes .
triangle and 1
the boxes do
boxes do not
do not have
not have the
the line .
there is yellow
is yellow item
wall with a
exactly 3 triangles
3 triangles are
triangles are not
are not touching
tower with less
than three black
black blocks having
black squares touching
yellow squares and
squares and at
black items in
one box ,
has one square
square and one
and one triangle
one triangle that
triangle that are
that are black
2 towers where
towers where the
top and bottom
and bottom blocks
blocks are both
are both blue
t least two
least two boxes
of objects each
objects each and
each and the
number of object
of object touching
that has at
yellow blocks attached
is a different
a different number
different number of
the boxes .
the black squares
are exactly 3
exactly 3 yellow
yellow items touching
above the black
yellow square not
one box has
box has 2
has 2 black
are blue blocks
blocks in each
in each boxes
each boxes that
that have the
the same position
same position .
one object is
object is blue
big yellow triangle
only one small
one small black
small black item
base and a
and a different
a different color
different color block
color block at
and there is
blue square not
black blocks attached
blocks attached .
are two the
same color item
color item touching
touching the different
the different corner
different corner of
of a square
a square .
top of two
of two towers
and top is
triangle , at
a blue object
with 2 big
2 big circles
big circles of
circles of which
box that two
that two circles
two circles are
circles are attached
are attached to
to a line
a line .
box has 1
has 1 blue
no yellow square
four blocks with
blue block below
is one square
boxes with exactly
5 items .
the two items
two items are
items are yellow
are yellow in
yellow in color
a blue or
blue or black
or black triangle
with yellow triangles
with a lot
a lot of
lot of items
of items but
items but only
but only one
black triangles and
one item has
item has a
there is not
is not more
than one grey
two items touching
blue items including
box has only
a yellow blocks
yellow blocks under
blocks under a
under a blue
a blue blocks
are 2 squares
2 squares with
squares with 1
two circles not
items in 1
in 1 box
grey square which
square which contains
which contains only
contains only triangle
only triangle objects
box has atleast
has atleast one
atleast one triangle
one triangle and
and one square
least one triangle
with has blocks
blocks of black
black color only
with 1 block
1 block in
block in it
block and other
and other three
other three blocks
there i a
i a box
only black items
has atleast two
atleast two objects
the base which
base which are
which are not
are not yellow
triangles and at
blocks having all
having all blocks
all blocks of
the three grey
three grey boxes
grey boxes either
boxes either contain
either contain objects
contain objects in
objects in even
in even or
even or odd
or odd numbers
box has less
has less than
the black square
with black at
black at the
the top .
black triangles touching
top and 2
black items beneath
items beneath it
with four yellow
four yellow items
three items and
box which only
which only has
only has circle
has circle and
and square .
blocks and at
only 1 blue
circle and more
and more than
than two yellow
two objects one
2 are yellow
the three black
items are the
squares touching an
1 is blue
of object contains
object contains only
contains only one
are four yellow
one tower that
yellow blocks that
are not attach
not attach with
yellow objects .
grey box where
box where none
where none of
the black objects
black objects are
base of exactly
of exactly one
blue block between
are blue traingles
blue traingles .
box with ble
with ble and
ble and yellow
small yellow triangle
triangle and another
and another is
another is a
small blue triangle
is at leats
at leats 1
leats 1 tower
that is yellow
is yellow square
has 2 blocks
2 blocks of
blue one touching
one touching the
the base block
base block .
one yellow items
least one circle
one circle .
boxes have at
at least 5
least 5 items
the edge which
edge which is
not a square
towers with only
small black triangle
black triangle near
triangle near a
near a yellow
three circles .
least three triangles
small black square
boxes with one
one item each
item each .
and a triangle
1 box that
black triangle that
that is almost
is almost touching
almost touching the
a circle .
square contains only
one object and
object and this
and this object
this object is
object is not
2 different color
of the two
the two towers
two towers are
towers are black
with 2 blocks
2 blocks stacked
stacked together of
together of the
are black the
black the other
the other one
other one is
one is black
least one is
one circle not
least three circles
three circles and
circles and at
there is two
is two blocks
is yellow and
four objects has
objects has blue
yellow color objects
with black squares
black squares and
squares and yellow
only yellow squares
the three blocks
yellow circle ,
black circles touching
and two triangles
exactly two grey
two grey boxes
grey boxes containing
boxes containing exactly
and a lot
lot of blue
of blue items
the yellow triangle
yellow triangle is
two objects where
objects where one
where one of
of the object
the object is
object is yellow
with blue items
blue item ,
item , with
, with two
two yellow and
yellow and at
and at lest
at lest one
lest one black
all 3 colours
yellow triangles in
blue block which
which is at
is at the
4 items .
and the second
a tower tower
tower tower with
blocks with the
with the blue
two small yellow
small yellow items
yellow items are
items are touching
exactly 4 blocks
4 blocks .
circle and yellow
a triangle that
touching the lower
the lower corner
lower corner .
block and a
an item closely
wall with another
with another black
another black square
black square on
closely touching left
touching left wall
left wall of
blocks where both
where both blocks
both blocks are
blocks are of
are of same
which contains objects
objects of blue
wall with at
two items on
with yellow block
items and 2
and 2 blue
items and 1
contains two yellow
yellow objects among
objects among other
among other objects
triangle is not
including blue circles
blue circles .
a square nearly
square nearly touching
a yellow black
yellow black at
right side .
that is blue
item and four
and four black
four black items
yellow items ,
items , two
, two blue
lot of black
of black items
block and only
and only 1
a black on
black on top
same color is
color is on
on top in
that has tow
has tow blue
tow blue blocks
blue blocks each
blocks each .
four objects touching
a black block/
three blue circles
four blocks not
blocks not having
not having a
block at top
square has two
that has four
four items with
items with two
with two colors
two colors .
with exactly same
exactly same set
they are blue
three items has
items has different
has different colors
blue item in
same color and
color and a
a small circle
small circle .
of a two
there is block
is block which
block which has
has a exactly
a exactly one
there a 5
a 5 blue
5 blue blocks
triangle and three
only three black
box containing exactly
containing exactly seven
the one item
one item is
item is black
box contains four
contains four black
four black objects
three items which
which are two
are two blacks
two blacks and
blacks and one
one blue .
3 black triangles
has three blocks
three blocks and
only 1 block
the black color
black color objects
color objects are
there is ablue
is ablue triangle
ablue triangle closely
bottom of abox
of abox .
blue one above
one above it
above it .
are 2 blocks
2 blocks with
items and thee
and thee yellow
thee yellow square
with yellow ans
yellow ans blue
ans blue items
and the blue
the blue are
blue are triangle
are triangle .
are three blue
are two circles
three triangles not
is at lease
at lease 1
lease 1 tower
with a bkack
a bkack block
bkack block at
one tower having
tower having a
the corner and
corner and the
and the shape
the shape is
shape is not
is not circle
not circle .
circle touching any
3 are black
wall and 2
and 2 items
at most on
most on top
and exactly two
black triangles not
has two different
two different shapes
different shapes yellow
shapes yellow items
one small item
small item touching
most two items
which are black
least 1 is
blocks has black
towers has one
has one ,
one , two
, two and
two and four
and four blocks
four blocks each
one black and
and yellow squares
wall and blue
and blue and
yellow squares on
squares on top
are seven items
seven items in
items in a
a box and
box and some
and some of
some of the
the items are
tower with 4
with 4 blocks
black and 2
towers contain blue
contain blue blocks
towers with 2
blue item right
four objects one
box contains only
contains only two
only two objects
and a big
a tower ,
tower , which
a four block
four block tower
block tower where
and second blocks
second blocks are
box has 3
has 3 blue
with blue base
block in each
yellow squares are
squares are not
is blue in
blue in color
only one big
one big black
big black square
and yellow circle
are 5 yellow
of the triangles
the triangles are
is yellow in
with two circles
two circles and
circles and a
boxes has one
black item each
exactly four black
yellow square on
top of another
of another yellow
another yellow square
circle in each
only black color
black color blocks
contains two blue
two blue ,
one black objects
items and four
and four other
four other items
that contain yellow
contain yellow blocks
black square above
square above the
the black triangle
least 1 b
1 b ;
b ; ue
; ue square
ue square and
exactly six items
triangles and 1
touching any adge
three squares touching
squares touching any
are black and
black and one
one is of
between two blue
has four triangles
four triangles ,
triangles , two
, two circles
circles and one
one box that
has one of
items is black
there are more
are more than
than two black
base color .
small item .
block that do
that do have
do have a
have a block
a block above
block above it
with 3 blocks
box with al
with al least
al least 4
least 4 items
a tower after
tower after the
after the base
base are all
are all the
all the same
item and other
blue block with
block with a
least 2 boxes
that the top
blue object over
object over a
yellow item ,
item , a
in each tower
theer are exactly
blocks has exactly
has exactly same
exactly same color
same color block
and base .
and one of
items is triangle
blue items ,
items , exactly
, exactly two
same height but
height but their
but their base
their base is
base is not
is not the
touching a yellow
a triangle in
triangle in every
only two squares
four blocks of
blocks of which
are yellow blocks
block on the
black block between
block between two
are 6 blue
6 blue blocks
they are all
are all black
all black .
blue block under
block under a
under a black
two towers is
a circle that
circle that is
there are boxes
are boxes with
boxes with either
with either yellow
either yellow and
and black or
black or black
or black and
is a yelloe
a yelloe bloxk
yelloe bloxk above
bloxk above a
4 blue squares
the yellow squares
which has yellow
black item ,
and blue square
blue square are
and the only
only black is
black is a
and the number
number of the
items of each
of each colors
each colors are
colors are the
square and exactly
with yellow and
box has many
has many items
same color triangles
color triangles that
triangles that are
that are touching
touching the corners
the corners .
blue triangles not
with 4 blue
yellow items not
the three tower
three tower have
tower have two
have two colors
four objects of
of which atleast
which atleast one
atleast one object
with a big
a big yelllow
big yelllow square
yelllow square and
square and another
and another yellow
another yellow item
not a triangle
three objects where
objects where the
where the objects
and yellow in
as box which
grey box having
box having only
having only blue
blue color objects
color objects ,
objects , where
, where at
where at least
not touching an
black triangles closely
yellow block that
that is attach
is attach to
attach to a
are 3 items
3 items that
not the colour
the colour black
only yellow color
yellow color blocks
a yellow base
colors and 2
black items with
items with at
least one being
one being a
being a triangle
that has different
has different base
different base color
base color but
color but the
but the same
same color in
color in the
in the second
contains two triangle
two triangle objects
a yellow object
yellow object as
object as a
are two single
two single block
single block towers
block towers that
towers that are
that are apart
are apart with
apart with each
that has 2
black blocks each
three blocks ,
each has a
that is attached
is attached to
attached to blue
to blue and
the same type
same type of
type of item
six objects where
object is a
of which the
which the blue
the blue one
blue one is
one is both
is both on
and on the
on the bottom
the bottom .
5 yellow blocks
has three black
three black and
one blue blocks
all yellow circles
yellow circles are
circles are touhing
are touhing the
touhing the edge
square with objects
with objects of
2 black circle
black circle shapes
2 yellow ,
yellow , 3
, 3 blue
3 blue and
base of tower
of tower with
towers with block
with block of
block of same
same color at
color at base
are 2 items
different size .
one tower contains
tower contains 2
contains 2 blue
1 black traingle
top is black
towers are all
yellow blocks on
blocks on the
boxes with 3
blocks tower .
one box which
which has no
has no blue
is a rectangle
a rectangle closely
rectangle closely touching
two blue circle
with a square
box that a
that a black
blue items are
are touching side
touching side of
boxes with a
with four black
base of two
a yellow on
yellow on top
the black triangles
black triangles are
1 tower than
tower than contains
than contains at
contains at leats
leats 1 yellow
box contains less
contains less than
there are black
are black blocks
black blocks in
each tower and
and the positions
the positions are
positions are the
2 black ciircles
contains only yellow
there is black
is black square
item and only
and only black
at base and
are 4 square
4 square shapes
towers are the
the four items
four items are
items are black
and yellow block
are only yellow
blue block base
block base .
there are five
are five items
five items touching
which has more
more than 2
than 2 blocks
2 blocks but
blocks but only
but only have
only have two
have two blue
square with least
objects has less
than four objects
yellow color and
a big circle
big circle .
has four blocks
three yellow squares
with a block
a block block
block block at
ll towers have
least 2 items
black square almost
square almost touching
there are 1
are 1 blue
the boxes have
boxes have many
have many items
circles and exactly
has only triangles
3 blue squares
are two squares
which 3 items
3 items are
tower that is
that is made
is made of
made of only
of only 1
yellow block base
are three towers
three towers that
two boxes has
boxes has the
the same two
same two black
black items each
block blocks only
and a other
a other square
other square .
eactly 1 item
in on of
on of the
the tower there
tower there is
yellow block with
3 items but
items but not
but not all
not all 3
ll there towers
there towers contain
towers contain at
item and exactly
most of only
and two yelow
two yelow items
yelow items .
and base are
base are black
three blocks where
blocks where a
where a yellow
yellow block is
block is at
is at base
at base of
is black which
black which is
which is attached
to a yellow
which has one
base block of
block of different
with one ble
one ble triangle
ble triangle and
black square of
square of the
same size .
and top of
are the the
the the same
black square shape
tower where 2
where 2 of
2 of the
same colour blocks
colour blocks are
blocks are at
are at the
top and yellow
is a bow
a bow with
bow with one
yellow and only
and only two
the total black
total black blocks
black blocks of
the two box
two box is
box is four
is four .
least 2 circles
2 circles of
circles of the
touching the egde
is a back
a back block
back block of
block of at
with the exacts
the exacts set
exacts set of
most of all
blocks having the
having the same
color block over
block over each
over each other
with a ble
a ble block
ble block in
atleast two towers
yellow and 2
black square in
ll the base
tower with the
with the three
